#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
affine==2.4.0
    # via rasterio
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.18
    # via black
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
alabaster==1.0.0
    # via sphinx
altgraph==0.17.4
    # via pyinstaller
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   rasterio
babel==2.17.0
    # via sphinx
black[d]==25.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   pyogrio
    #   pyproj
    #   rasterio
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.2.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   click-plugins
    #   cligj
    #   rasterio
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via rasterio
cligj==0.7.2
    # via rasterio
cmocean==4.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
colorcet==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
contourpy==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
docutils==0.21.2
    # via
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via openpyxl
ezdxf==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
fonttools==4.58.0
    # via
    #   ezdxf
    #   matplotlib
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
geopandas==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imageio==2.37.0
    # via scikit-image
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via sphinx
joblib==1.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
laspy==2.5.4
    # via -r requirements.in
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via scikit-image
loopstructural==1.6.13
    # via -r requirements.in
lxml==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.10.3
    # via
    #   cmocean
    #   mplstereonet
    #   pyvista
    #   seaborn
    #   vtk
mplstereonet==0.6.3
    # via -r requirements.in
multidict==6.4.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via black
networkx==3.4.2
    # via scikit-image
numpy==2.2.5
    # via
    #   cmocean
    #   contourpy
    #   ezdxf
    #   geopandas
    #   imageio
    #   laspy
    #   loopstructural
    #   matplotlib
    #   mplstereonet
    #   pandas
    #   pyogrio
    #   pyvista
    #   rasterio
    #   rioxarray
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   segyio
    #   shapely
    #   tifffile
    #   xarray
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   cmocean
    #   geopandas
    #   lazy-loader
    #   matplotlib
    #   pooch
    #   pyinstaller
    #   pyinstaller-hooks-contrib
    #   pyogrio
    #   pytest
    #   qtpy
    #   rioxarray
    #   scikit-image
    #   sphinx
    #   xarray
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geopandas
    #   loopstructural
    #   seaborn
    #   xarray
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
pefile==2023.2.7
    # via pyinstaller
pillow==11.2.1
    # via
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   pyvista
    #   scikit-image
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via
    #   black
    #   pooch
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via pytest
pooch==1.8.2
    # via pyvista
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
pygments==2.19.1
    # via sphinx
pyinstaller==6.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyinstaller-hooks-contrib==2025.4
    # via pyinstaller
pyogrio==0.11.0
    # via geopandas
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via
    #   ezdxf
    #   matplotlib
    #   rasterio
pyproj==3.7.1
    # via
    #   geopandas
    #   rioxarray
pyside6==6.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyside6-addons==6.9.0
    # via pyside6
pyside6-essentials==6.9.0
    # via
    #   pyside6
    #   pyside6-addons
pytest==8.3.5
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyvista==0.45.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyvistaqt
pyvistaqt==0.11.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pywin32-ctypes==0.2.3
    # via pyinstaller
qtpy==2.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyvistaqt
rasterio==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rioxarray
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   pooch
    #   sphinx
rioxarray==0.19.0
    # via -r requirements.in
roman-numerals-py==3.1.0
    # via sphinx
scikit-image==0.25.2
    # via loopstructural
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via loopstructural
scipy==1.15.3
    # via
    #   loopstructural
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
scooby==0.10.1
    # via pyvista
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
segyio==1.9.13
    # via -r requirements.in
shapely==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geopandas
shiboken6==6.9.0
    # via
    #   pyside6
    #   pyside6-addons
    #   pyside6-essentials
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
snowballstemmer==3.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinx==8.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
sphinx-rtd-theme==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2025.5.10
    # via scikit-image
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   ezdxf
    #   pyvista
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via requests
vtk==9.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyvista
xarray==2025.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rioxarray
yarl==1.20.0
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
